Welcome back integration tests are all about cross communication between different units of code comparing
to unit tests.
You would probably use something like spies frome a mocking library to ensure expected side effects
instead of just asserting an output.
Or you might use Stubb's to mock and modify parts of a process that are not inside of the specific test.
Such as marking a database call.
We can't say run in a test to a function that says gay user to mock the database call and just fake
it and return.
Let's say a fake user just for the test also as opposed to unit tests a browser or a browser like environment
could help with the processes that are dependent on the window object.
And this is especially true when we're working with react and rendering components.
Now integration test is one of those things that has many different definitions and everybody has their
own preference of what it means overall though think of integration tests as connecting components to
see how they work together instead of individual small units that unit tests test well you test the
connection between them.
The downside to them is that they're expensive.
They're slower.
There's more def time involved in thinking them out and writing them compared to unit tests which are
much faster.
Try and they also have a lot of moving parts.
If you change something well you'll test will break and you'll have to change those tests that depend
on that thing you changed.
So integration tests can be what we call brittle really really fragile Sontag's and they are much much
harder to read.
And unlike unit tests you can write an infinite amount of integration tests.
It's hard to say when you're done writing them or when you have this a 100 percent completion.
Because it's impossible to cover everything and every test case.
And because they're also more expensive they just say they're rare to see a company that has really
good integration tests unless they're a massive massive company with a strong engineering team and a
ton of money to spend on that engineering team.
I recommend though to always start off with unit tests and then start incorporating integration tests
as well.
But they both work well together.
Just pick your battles.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye by.